Initial Secret

Your first real soothsaying, was on crew of 9 soothsayers for The Iron Titan, a massive dreadnaught ship, one of the prize of the OTC, led by Captain Draven.  Your first real vision was of the ship sinking from battle.  Your visions were unreliable and you were getting by mostly by faking it until this one.  You tried to warn Draven, but he ignored you, and despite taking on 3 ships simultaneously, was victorious.   He had you thrown overboard.  But by fortuitous luck, you were picked up by the Black Dahlia, a pirate vessel which recently lost its soothsayer.  The Dahlia was owned by Lady Friday, though you never met her and she never set foot upon the vessel.  The same thing happened, you saw the ship floating dead in the Sea of Glass, its sails torn, and everyone dead.  You brought this up to Captain Aradia, who took a darker view of the vision, blaming you for it, and throwing you back overboard where she had found you.  You were then “rescued” by a vampire, Selene, who sort of took you in as pet (and also fed on you) and you stayed with her on one of the crystal Ilses, though your memory is foggy from the drugs.  The drugs she gave you helped with the visions and honing them, but mostly you still saw doom, gloom, and ghosts.  Eventually you secured a role on the Bounty, where you saw the mutiny happen in a vision.  Post mutiny, when she was renamed the “Wayward Bounty” you again had a vision, and saw her swallowed by a massive sea monster.  But this time you kept the vision to yourself.