## Scene 1 - The Animus Again
Note:  Red Darling rose the Red when they attacked Animus
Recap

They are on the Animus then have to decide if they are going after [[The Red Darling]]  If they arent, then can spend more time helping the ship, and talk more, else gotta hurry.

The Darling has two options it could take, in your opinion:  Towards Trench or Towards Islands (Port Abalash and Aramath being in the rough same direction)
Which way do you pursue?

TONY OFFER:  Overconfident - Dont need to soothsay this, just pick!

## Scene 2: The Midnight Rose(1h)
As you pursue the direction you hope is theres, you see them in the far distance, but another larger ship is coming towards you, its the [[The Midnight Rose]].  Captain Von Drakk hails you and wants to meet.

Meeting the Midnight Rose would have to give up on the Red Darling, if you dont stop for him, a Pirate Lord, there could be consequences.


Meeting on his ship, you provide the dinner

Locke remembers Victor talking about him one saying he was easier to deal with when he was impressed.
 - Ryan impress him with food and drink
- others can help with other things 


If they talk about being attacked by red, do they have proof?  Someone unaligned that’s word is good?  You must have been mistaken on what ship attacked you.  These things happen.

After failing to catch the Aurora, Victor returned to Mother of Worms unsuccessful, who got on board at Freeport.  They then learned of the OTC chasing The Wayward Bounty towing the Aurora, and went after them, they wisely avoided the storm, which delayed them a while, then mother of worms sought out the Bounty to see if they got what they needed.

[[The Midnight Rose]] for crew list


Just [[Nikolai von Drakk]] and his valet, [[Grimes]].  [[2-People/Pirate Kingdom/Witches/Mother of Worms|Mother of Worms]] is in the next room, listening in. Ryan feels presence of powerful witch.

RYAN SECRET [[Mother of Worms Secret|Mother of Worms Secret]]

Surprise mutiny, he holds Locke accountable for previous deals.  Wants to know what he found.  Gives [[Locke Cordwainer|Locke]] an expensive bottle of [[Tarsian Wine & Spirits|Tarsian]] Wine, a 1273 Volcanus, as that was he agreed bet. its worth about 50 [[Pieces of Eight]]

Offers to take [[Tristan Winters]] to healed, since you cant be bothered to.

Wants to know about [[WSS Aurora (Missing)]] and says you must uphold deals made under the [[The Wayward Bounty|Bounty]]

Asks about [[Princess Sonya Tiverton|Sonya]], will give more info back if they talk about her.  They know because Sonya has a small mirror, which the Mother of Worms could see through.

TONY VISION – Witchs can use mirrors

If told [[Aramath]], the [[Lysandra, The White Witch]] controls most of it now, be careful, I am no friend of hers either.  I personally stabbed her through the heart once, she didn’t die.  Maybe turn her over to the [[Ostean Trade Consortium|OTC]], their burnings tend to stick.  Maybe not though, who wants to grovel at their feet?

Another competition?  I have another one would be a great race to find.  Your predecessor was more fun.

Im off to The Sea of Storms, but when im done there, im going back to Ashander’s Folly to call for council, I expect you to have gone and confessed, I mean registered your mutiny by then.  The threat is implicit.

## Scene 3 - Smalltalk

Interrupted by [[Barnacle]] who is a [[Ren'Yu]] and comes in soaking wet, about an important matter, leaves just Grimes here (if ryan wants to try to get in to other room)

### Smalltalk: Gianna
Grimes knows: [[Sir Braxton Crowley]], Gianna’s dad.  They were both OTC back in the day, both served on the [[HMS Abigail]], captained by the insufferable [[Braxton Reed]].  This was when they were both young reallyt young and stupid.  Your dad took pity on a young deckhand, him being noblebirth and all.  Your father took Braxton as a first name as an insult when he defected all those years later.

### Smalltalk: Redpan
Ryan can meet mother of worms, long as Grimes is distracted.

### Smalltalk: Johan
You notice what you have yo guess is the lookout [[Silas 'Crowfoot' Crowne]] carrying something that might be drugs past the cabin.  You are twitching from withdrawal at the moment.

### Smalltalk: Locke
[[Marlowe]] comes in and talks with grimes for a bit.  Notices and is Interested in locks and Johans guns
Asks technical questions.  Shows locke his gun.  Impressed Locke made it himself.  

Mine is a Yidrin Pyrelle original.  We were chasing this Lanshire Frigate that was a little too big for our britches, it got away but i got their sniper as we were chasing it.  He fell to Davy Jones Locker, but I got Barnacle to go get it.  See look at the mark, he points, Yeah its real.  Wonder if its worth more now that he went batshit crazy and deliberately blew up all his apprentices.  They put him in [[St. Erasmus' Asylum]] on Tarsus.  Should look him up if you have any sway with the [[Order of the Sacred Lantern|Lantern]]

MIKE SECRET - [[Pyro Secret]]

### Smalltalk: Rake
Smalltalk with Rake:

Odette “Scurry” Skurlain saw Rakes rat, and feels a kindred spirit

Shes missing the pinky on her right hand

She wants to be the Spider Queen and seeks the regalia.  Does Rake seek the Rat Kings Regalia as well?  Neither have been seen in some time.   Us Vermin should stick together.  You can trust Mother, worms rats and spiders, all together strong.

Scurry wants Rake to bring something to Aramath, deliver it to Corvus, the figurehead of the Long Shadow.  Mother promised it’d be there.

About backpack sized burlap sack, Tied with many, many knots.  Inside, wrapped in cloth, is Worm-eaten book, the book as a rune bonding on it that Rake doesn’t know what happens if its opened.  Ryan might.  Maybe a test by mother of worms.

[[Ancient Book]] picture


Captain von Drakk comes back

Sorry I have to cut this short, I apologize.  The ship you definitely should not be looking for is at the [[Boneyard Flotilla]] restocking and repairing.  You might be able to catch up with an Aether. He gives directipns, but you have no navigator.   

## Scene 3 - The Darling, Again
There is [[The Red Darling]] and a second ship travelling with it, [[The Valiant]].

You are in barely line of sight [[Boneyard Flotilla]].  If you wait, you risk losing them again, if you attack here, and they have more allies at the Flotilla.

They have repaired their minor consequence, but not standard or severe.

The two turn to fight you, but they dont pursue if you back off.

NAVAL COMBAT MAP

BOARDING MAP 