
## Scene 1 - The Climb
CHALLENGE

climb/broken stairs

Exhaustion

Roll 4dF+Preperation = DC Climbing Point

If you succeed with style, you get Benefit, if you fail, you get a Penalty, if you fail with style you get a mistake

3 mistakes or X exhaustion and you fall to your doom.

Deck

+1 roll

+3 roll and +1 Exhaustion

Benefits

Penalties


[[Etienne Valencourt]]

  Waits patiently for her to finish her climb/challenge, will help if asked

 Polite duelist, erin remembers him from university

Hes better thsn her

## Scene 2 - The Duel

"Hold on, i have it written down"
He pulls out some actually rediculous looking spectacles, and reads the [[Cobb Letter]]

Hired by cobb to find her, have been following her father

  Duel

    Back and forth, no initiative

               You have a bonus action each turn

                             Bonus Actions: Feint, Grapple, Shove, Knockdown

 Middle of the Duel, Flashback

## Scene 3 - Flashback

                             He doesn’t press something dishonorably

Their master staged a sparring exam years ago where both the PC and rival were told: _“Do not strike the face or back — it is dishonorable.”_

                             Give Erin option to do so instead


## Scene 4 - The Last Captain

Its [[Seymour 'Scarface' Eastcroft]], her father.

Erin – Origins? Last Captain (Father) that

Warning about Pandora, and the debt of Witches,

Info about The Key

Locations of other fathers

1.        Pandora sent ridge to Cimmeria to look for Merrowyn and Harlan, Callisto’s children.  (He was waylayed and captured by Cobb before he could warn Merrowyn).     

2.       She sent damien to Tarsus, to kill Wei Lin, and make sure the Mariner is not found.

3.       She sent braxton to the other side of the world, to find Victor and open Pandora’s Box.

4.       She sent me scar face here, I got a ride with Lord Masque.  I was to find who worked for Persephone (Wilton, Wei Lin, Natasha) but when I reported in, Lysandra said change of plans and put me here.

End of the session Lysandra takes her father back to Key with magic, telling her to come with her crew to speak for real, and she can have him then.

