IRL Date: Unknown Part of [[Chapter 1 - Reyka]] <br/>
Next Session: [[S1 -Any Port in a Storm]]
 
## Teaser
It’s been one moon and one day since the [[6-Dreadnaught|Dreadnaught]] [[The Azar (Missing)|Azar]] has been seen or heard from, along with its crew and [[Captain]], the Pirate King, [[Winslow Firebeard (Missing)]].  Per his own [[Pirate Code]], he is considered lost at sea and the Council of 12 need to convene and replace him.  The Uneasy truce of Naia has begun to crumble, if [[Winslow Firebeard (Missing)|Firebeard]] is no longer there will the [[Pirate Code]] fall apart as well?  Some hope for [[Lady Friday]] to finally take power, [[Winslow Firebeard (Missing)|Firebeard’s]] harshest critic on the Council,  Other’s say [[The Witch Sisters]] will replace him, but even the [[Soothsayer]]s are unsure what happens next. Many worry that its a [[2-People/Ostean Trade Consortium/Lanshire/Lanshire]] or [[Windspeakers|Windspeaker]] plot to attempt to rid the Seven Seas of the pirate menace once and for all, to do what [[Ashander Tiverton]] never could.  But all know the seas are more dangerous now, and most common [[Sailor]]s on any side have no wish for a bloody, drawn out war.

## Introduction
One week before the mutiny, [[The Wayward Bounty|The Bounty]] and [[The Midnight Rose]] met up, [[Captain]] [[Victor 'The Mad' Maddington (Missing)]] had a very fancy private dinner with fellow Pirate Lord [[Captain]] [[Nikolai von Drakk]].  Afterwards, Victor IMMEDIATELY set out for the [[WSS Aurora (Missing)|WSS Aurora]], scuttlebutt is the Midnight Rose was seen leaving fast in the same direction as well.  

The Bounty found and chased the Aurora first.  Pursued it from near [[Beaconrock]] for a week all the way to almost getting into [[Windspeakers|Windspeaker]] waters.  Very strange for this to happen east of the [[2-Oshanan Trench]].

The Black was raised, and the combat began in earnest.  In the battle with the Aurora, [[Jacob the Black]] convinced the [[Helmsmyn]], [[Wallace 'Wally' Bancroft (Missing)]] to Ram the Aurora.  The two ships ended up crashing into each other head one, getting entangled.  Both [[Sentient Figureheads]] were severely damaged.  Feared that both could not survive, this was a huge blow (severe consequence).  Once finally boarded, the Aurora surrendered.   Being east of the [[2-Oshanan Trench]], this meant all crew were to be left alive with the ship per [[Pirate Code]].

Victor was very careful not to shoot at the Aurora with the cannons, after boarding the harder way, only he and the [[First Mate]] and [[Navigator]]  [[Tristan Winters]] went below decks when the Aurora surrendered.  They were below decks for about 20 minutes.  When they returned, Victor ordered the flag changed to red, and to sink the Aurora with all hands aboard.

The [[Boatswain]] [[Locke Cordwainer]] belays the command and there was an argument.  The [[Cannoneer]] [[Servio Salazar (Dead)]] sides with Victor and starts to shoot the Aurora.  The Cannoneer is killed by the [[Cook]], [[Harlan 'Redpan' Rask]] who gives him tainted shot to load the cannons with.  The [[Lookout]], [[Philipe 'Four-eyes' (Dead)]] goes to stab the [[Locke Cordwainer]] in the back while he's still arguing with Victor, but the [[Soothsayer]], [[Johan Kristoff]] warns Locke, who shoots and kills Philipe.

The mutiny was going poorly at first, but [[Rake, The Rat Prince]], his rats, [[Jasper 'The Kid' Ravenhart]], a deckhand, plus 3 sellswords ([[Veronica 'Bellringer'|Veronica]], [[Isaac 'The Immortal'|Isaac]], and [[Jean-Pierre]]) from the Aurora join Locke's side and, things look better.  The [[Helmsmyn]] dies in mysterious circumstances in the melee, puished overboard by [[Gianna Zarina Celeste Roisin|Gianna]]. It finally tips to the other side when [[Tristan Winters]], switches sides, and puts a gun to [[Captain]] Victor.  [[Victor 'The Mad' Maddington (Missing)|Vcito the Mad]] gives up, but after he does, shanks Winters (again against the code) who survives.

The new [[Captain]], Locke, puts Victor upon [[The Well (of Lost Hope)]], an uninhabited island, where he is sure to be found by [[Ostean Trade Consortium|OTC]] ships, and leaves him marooned, per [[Pirate Code]] and [[Johan Kristoff]]'s suggestion. [[Locke Cordwainer]] is to return Victor’s signet ring and Ship’s Codex to [[Ashander's Folly]] and officially register the mutiny within one moon, as per the code. 

The Aurora lost two masts, most of it’s figurehead and was taking water.  It had to be towed by [[The Wayward Bounty]] rather than let it go, per code.  It’s former captain, [[Julius Dorne of the South Wind (Missing)]], asks for this rather than be left at the Well or the open water.  [[The Dursten Twins (Missing)]], part of the winning side of the mutiny are left to watch the other crew.

After the mutiny, during what repairs the Bounty could muster, through [[Alchemy]], [[Familiars]] rats and a very skilled [[Boatswain]] [[Captain]], a single [[Sentient Figureheads|Figurehead]] was saved from the remains of the two destroyed ones.  It would not awaken at first though, until [[Johan Kristoff]] had a vision, which entailed going to [[The Crystal Isles]] and stealing two large gems, An [[Onyx Gemstones|Onyx]] and a [[Rubies|Ruby]], to use as eyes. The crew were helped by the [[Vampires]] [[Selene]], a friend of Johans. During that raid, the ships [[Doctor]], [['Doc' Smithers (Dead)]], was killed when he didn’t listen to [[Rake, The Rat Prince]] about the dangers and slipperiness of the climb on the crystal pathways. [[Tristan Winters]] wound gets infected during the raid, and its clear something is seriously wrong with him.  The new figurehead names itself [[Ja'nus, the Bold]], and renames the ship [[The Wayward Bounty]] This is ok with superstition/code, because the figurehead did it, avoiding the bad luck of renaming a ship.

The Wayward Bounty has to use all its meager supply of [[Aether]] that [[Locke Cordwainer]] had been hoarding to escape the [[2-Sea of Glass]], and when back in the [[1-Sea of Strife (E)]], [[Ostean Trade Consortium|OTC]] ships find her and pursue.  During a [[Bad Storm]], The Auroras tow line is snapped crossing the trench and fleeing, the Wayward Bounty is blown precariously close to [[The Beast]], but the new [[Helmsmyn]], [[Gianna Zarina Celeste Roisin]] manages to skirt the Beast enough to use the currents to escape pursuers as well.

The ship is in tatters, very little crew and supplies left, ends up in [[Moontide Cove]] on [[Reyka'Est]]  where the game will start.