## Scene 1: The Negotiations(30m)
Recap, fid being fishy.
Tony Vision retcon – forgot the prodigal son on aramath

Victoria brings the two windspeakers up too early
Penny looks at primrose and pales, she would like to renegotiate.  You cant leave me with that monster

Fid smalltalk about [[The Barracuda]], [[Lord Masque]] ship

Erin – wants to go below decks to search for a compass
Ryan – wants a worm
Wants: Windspeakers, Crew
Gives: Search his ship, Salts Bird, Violin, worm?

[[Hellstring Dirge]]

Won it in a game on Aramath, at the Dead Man’s Hand.Said to be won by Joel “Jolly” Roger vs the Devil himself, First Mate to Davy Jones. Was practicing with it before the shark attack.  (This part sounds a little fishy to PCs)  The old captain, Roderic Vance refused to let him play it on the ship after a while.  Theres a bit of a longing to keep it, but greed of keeping the full ransom is in play as well.

## Scene 2: Below Decks(30m)
Can move this to after being boarded if wanted/needed


Will agree to Tony going below, Neve can sneak as well.  Erin hmm

Primrose is hiding something below decks, that she got for selene  Most of the hold has been rearranged, theres a large glass box in it, swirling in Mist something in it. (Djinn) Primrose says its hers, and she didn’t go to the Sea of Mists and then deal with a shipwreck, then fight a witch for nothing.  She warns she will fight if PCs pursue this further.

[[The Animus' Box]]

If tony, he gets bamboozled by primrose, if anyone else, compel vs primrose that she feeds on them, and they forget what they see

If only neve sees

Squeak… squeak… master, master… big box, iron corners, rivets tight. Glass shines, fog inside, swirling, whispering. Claws? No Hands… yes, yes hands press walls, pale, twitchy. Rest hides… mist lost, can’t see, can’t smell. Feels wrong, feels hungry. Squeak-squeak… don’t like it, master. Want to scamper, want to hide in dark cracks, far from the box…

## Scene 3: The Red Darling (1h+)
As you end the negotiations and both begin to sail in different directions, the Red Darling shows up.  It starts pursuing the Animus.  The storm begins to pick up, and the water is choppy and bad.


BATTLE MAP

Naval Battle - explain naval rules again
[[Naval Combat Quick]]

Lookout triangles
Left:  The Choppy water there is surface only, and the currents arent nearly as bad there as it looks.
Middle:  The calmness in the center is the ocean pulling back for a big wave or waves, beware.
Right: The current pull here is stronger than it looks but if you can crest the wave quickly, you could gain momentum on the downside.


Consequences / Problems
- The wind shifts, you are now in irons. *The Wind Shifts in your favor
- Stuck in a vortex, requires a come about roll, DC 5 to escape *Darling Stuck*
- Went through a large patch of kelp, your speed is -1 until removed *Darling hits kelp*
- You lose a bunch of supplies overboard.  Unless retrieved, take a minor consequence  *Darling loses supplies*
- Your cannonshot get soaked by a wave, you cannot Fire the Cannons this round *Wave soaks the Darlings cannons*
- Your main sail lines snap, either take a standard consequence, or you cannot Full Speed Ahead this round or the next. *The main sail lines on the Darling Snap*
- Your grapple line snaps.*Your Grapple cant be removed without first uncomplicating it*
- The animus takes a hit, and lists to one side, accidently crashing masts into each other, damaging you both.*You use the wake of the other ships for a burst of speed*
- There is a small ship fire on You/Animus, it takes 1 stress and will continue to take 1 stress a round until removed. *Darling on Fire*
- Someone is knocked overboard on the Animus/Your ship *Multiple people go overboard on the Darling*
- The crew is messing up bad, you must take 2 inspire actions without benefit.  *The crew is really meshing together, you may take 2 of any action this round
- the grapple will fail end of next round *Your grapple tangled extremely well, gaining a second grapple. *
- The waves make boarding harder and more dangerous *The waves are bouncing really well, if you can board this turn, no athletics rolls required.
- Theres an explosion on your ship/Animus *Explosion on the Darling.
- The Animus begins sinking *The animus stops taking on water and sinking, and is now just adrift
- a backcurrent hits you, and you are pulled backwards *Hits Darling*
- You gain 2 temporary stress for the ship, as Janus finds a piece of debris and is using it like a shield *The Darling gains 2 temporary stress*


If Boarded SECOND BATTLEMAP
[[The Red Darling]] for crew list

If NPCs losing, try to sink animus then flee, giving choice.


Darling gets away vs Animus sinks?
[GROUP OFFER] Darling Concedes


